updated subscription (#16157)
docker/docs: subscription/index.md

- /subscription/faq/
---

> On August 31, 2021, we [announced](https://www.docker.com/blog/updating-product-subscriptions/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" id="dkr_docs_subscription_btl"} updates and extensions to the product subscriptions to increase productivity, collaboration, and added security for  developers and businesses. Docker subscription tiers now include Personal, Pro, Team, and Business.

Author: updated

> **Note**
>
> The licensing and distribution terms for Docker and Moby open-source projects, such as Docker Engine, aren't changing.

Docker Desktop is built using open-source software. For information about the licensing of open-source components in Docker Desktop, Select ![whale menu](../desktop/mac/images/whale-x.svg){: .inline} > **About Docker Desktop** > **Acknowledgements**.

> Docker Desktop distributes some components that's licensed under the

Reviewer: I think this should be `are` because the object, `components`, is plural.
```suggestion
Docker Desktop distributes some components that are licensed under the
```

Author: Thanks Craig! I changed it to "are", but the Vale rule suggested "that's" to keep it active voice

Author: updated
